Unknown Speaker: Hey, it's very good. How about you?
Speaker 1: I'm good. I'm good. Where are you from? Illinois, Illinois. I'm from New Delhi, India.
Unknown Speaker: Interesting. Are you an undergrad student?
Speaker 1: No, I'm a grad student at BU. Which university are you from?
Unknown Speaker: What? Excuse me, what's your university?
Speaker 1: University of Illinois, Urbana Champaign, okay.
Speaker 1: All right, got it. So what are you doing there?
Speaker 2: I'm studying psychology with a minor in biology.
Speaker 1: Minor in biology. Well, that's quite, I would say it's a pose apart situation like over there.
Speaker 2: Yes, still bad. Well, yeah.
Speaker 1: Okay, biology, that's a lot.
Unknown Speaker: Why did you choose biology with that?
Speaker 2: Because I'm interested in biology. Yeah, I just want to learn more. But it's kind of hard. So I just want to have a minor; I don't want it to be too much of a burden.
Speaker 1: And you have to go through all the genome structure and all—is that a part of biology, right? Yeah.
Unknown Speaker: What about you?
Speaker 1: I am a CIS major—computer information systems—and I used to work as a software engineer before. I've been working for five years. And yeah, now I'm here completing my master's. This is my second master's, actually.
Speaker 2: What's your first master's in that?
Speaker 1: My master's was in computer applications. That was my major. Yeah, now I'm trying to move into more managerial stuff, or more into data science, I'd say. Interesting. Yeah.